you might want to ask yourself why the
entire culture is utterly saturated with
mass media entertainment from all sides
while the educational system in America
continues its stupefying downward slide
since the US government decided to take
over and subsidize the public school
system what your government pays for it
gets when we understand that then we
look at government financed institutions
of Education and see the kind of
students and the kind of education
that's being turned out by these
government finance schools logic will
tell you that if what is being turned
out in those schools was not in accord
with what the state and the federal
government wanted then it would change
it the bottom line is that the
government is getting what they have
ordered they do not want your children
to be educated they do not want you to
think too much that is why our country
and our world has become so
proliferating with entertainment mass
media television shows amusement parks
drugs alcohol and every kind of
entertainment to keep the human mind
entertained so that you don't get in the
way of important people by doing too
much thinking you had better wake up and
understand that there are people who are
guiding your life and you don't even
know it we're in a lot of trouble
because you people and 62 million other
Americans are listening to me right now
because less than three percent of you
people read books cuz less than fifteen
percent of your read newspapers because
the only truth you know it's what you
get over this too right now there is a
whole an entire generation that never
knew anything that is come out is to
this tube is the gospel the ultimate
revelation this tube can make or break
presidents Pope's Prime Minister's this
tube is the most awesome god damn most
in the whole godless world I was out
email over the has their own cable and
we're the largest company in the world
controls the most awesome guard down
propaganda force and the whole godless
world who knows what shit will be paid
over 2,000 network so you listen to me
listen to me television is not the truth
television is a guard down of your foot
park television is a circus a carnival a
traveling troupe of acrobats
storytellers dancers singers jugglers
sideshow freaks live tamers and football
players where's the forum killing
business but you people sit there day
after day night after night all ages
colors Creed's we're all you know you're
beginning to believe the illusions we're
spinning here you're getting to think
that the tube is reality and that your
own lives are unreal you do whatever the
tube tells you to dress like the tube
you ate like a tube you raise your
children like the tube you even faked
like the tube this is mass madness you
maniacs in God's name you people of the
real thing we are the illusion